#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.txt
#
-e file:.
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   hypothesis
    #   pytest
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   gds-metrics
boto3==1.17.93
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
    #   moto
botocore==1.20.93
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
cachelib==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flask-session
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flask
contextlib2==0.6.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
    #   moto
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   odfpy
digitalmarketplace-test-utils==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
flake8==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
flask-gzip==0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
flask-login==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
flask-session==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
flask-wtf==0.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
flask==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
    #   flask-gzip
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-wtf
    #   gds-metrics
fleep==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
gds-metrics==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
govuk-country-register==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
hypothesis==6.14.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flake8
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flask
    #   moto
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
mailchimp3==3.0.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   moto
    #   wtforms
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flake8
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
more-itertools==8.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   moto
moto==2.0.9
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   mypy
mypy==0.902
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
notifications-python-client==5.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest
prometheus-client==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   gds-metrics
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flake8
pyjwt==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   packaging
pytest==6.2.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   botocore
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
python-json-logger==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
    #   moto
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
requests-mock==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
    #   mailchimp3
    #   moto
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   requests-mock
    #   responses
responses==0.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   moto
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   boto3
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   moto
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   responses
sortedcontainers==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   hypothesis
testfixtures==6.17.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   mypy
types-jinja2==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
types-markupsafe==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   types-jinja2
types-python-dateutil==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
types-pytz==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
types-redis==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
types-requests==0.1.11
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
types-werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   mypy
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   responses
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flask
    #   moto
workdays==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   digitalmarketplace-utils
wtforms==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flask-wtf
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   moto
zipp==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
